All analysis was done using Wireshark or grep (in very limited
cases while dealing with how to install Wireshark).

What is the neighbor’s name?
     The neighbor's name is Ann Dercover, as is revealed by an SMTP name
     attached to the from field on the first email.
What is the neighbor’s email address?
     The neighbor's email is sneakyg33k@aol.com. You can see this from the
     SMTP authentication sequence or from any of the emails.
What is the neighbor’s email password?
     The neighbor's email password can be found by looking at the authentication
     sequence with the SMTP server. In particular the sequence
              AUTH LOGIN
              334 VXNlcm5hbWU6
              c25lYWt5ZzMza0Bhb2wuY29t
              334 UGFzc3dvcmQ6
              NTU4cjAwbHo=
              235 AUTHENTICATION SUCCESSFUL
     The odd numbered lines are from the client and the even numbered ones
     the server. The first line communicates a desire for the client to log into
     the server to receive mail. The third line is a base 64 encoding of the
     email of the client, which has already been given.
     Meanwhile the fifth line is the base 64 password. In ascii it is
               "558r00lz".

What are the email addresses (at least two) of the neighbor’s correspondents?
     One email is sec558@gmail.com. In this email Ann Dercover states that
     they are unable to hold their meeting because Ann is going out of town.

     Another email is mistersecretx@aol.com, which is quite secret sounding...

What is the email of the correspondent the neighbor is most likely have gone to visit?
     On the basis that the email told "Mr. SecretX" to bring a bathing suit and
     fake passport, this is the person that Ann Dercover is going to meet.
     The email address is mistersecretx@aol.com.

What is the name of the file containing the meeting location?
     There is an attachment on the message to mistersecretx@aol.com called
     secretrendezvous.docx. Sounds like the one.

Bonus: where are they meeting and what is the correspondent bringing?
     Included in this folder is their attachment. Inside the Word document is a
     picture and instructions to "Meet me at the fountain near the rendezvous
     point". Ann Dercover also reveals that she is "bringing all the cash."
     The address is
         1 Av. Constituyentes 1 Calle 10 x la 5ta
         Avenida
         Playa de Carmen, 77880, Mexico.
